Gangala.in: E-commerce Big Data ETL / ELT Solution and Data Warehouse

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading eCommerce firm in the USA, Columbia, India, and Latin America Gangalapromotes local shops selling a wide variety of products at great prices. Easily find the best offers using our price comparison tool. It’s a WIN WIN for … Industry Type:eCommerce Services:e-commerce, retail business Organization Size:100+ Gangala.in: E-commerce site gathering data of different products from various sources and providing it on a single platform A platform in which users can get price data of any product from multiple sites. The client provided us with raw data. We were tasked with building a pipeline for the data, build API’s to get product data such as price and update them and make sure that all the data is available for the front end team to access. We built them a pipeline to process and clean the raw data provided. We built API’s to fetch the updated data of the products. Neo4j was used as the intermediary data and mongoDB was used as our primary database. We also process the images of each product and remove any unwanted texts from it and add the client’s watermark. A fully-updated database with up to date data on all the products and each product having atleast 3-5 prices from different sites. Linode cloud servers We were asked to process 3million products per day and this was a challenge as the VM’s we used were not able to handle the load. We were able to overcome the challenge by using Asynchronous processing of the data thereby increasing the speed of the processing reducing the cost on the client side as well https://gangala.in/ We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd