Create a Knowledge Graph to Provide Real-time Analytics, Recommendations, and a Single Source of Truth

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:Retail Services:Retail Business Organization Size:100+ The Client was using NoSql Database which was slow and did not provide real-time response for complex queries. The data had many Connections and it was difficult to represent them in NoSQL or Relational Databases. Create a Knowledge Graph and Provide Real-time Analytics and Recommendations using Machine Learning. Neo4j was Installed on a Cloud VM based on Linodes. Knowledge graphs and Data Pipelines are used to Populate the Graph. API’s to Perform CRUD operations in real-time. Node-Relationship model Neo4j Linode Integration of Firestore with Neo4j without any native integration method or driver. The challenge was solved by using api to retrieve data from Firestore. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd