Auvik, Connectwise integration in Grafana

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A Leading Tech Firm in the USA Industry Type:IT & Consulting Services:Software, Business Solutions, Consulting Organization Size:200+ Get statistics such as uptime,  availability, cpu throughput etc. from Auvik and Connectwise and make a dashboard from it in Grafana. Unlike many technologies for which plugins are readily available in Grafana, there are none for auvik and Connectwise. So our task was to device a solution through which all the data from Auvik and Connectwise can be fed to Grafana. This data then would be used to plot graphs in Grafana. Grafana Postgres Vs Code AWS Postman Python bash Python networking Data visualisation Postgres Amazon Web Services (AWS) Since, the data received from Auvik was in Json fromat, our first approach was to use Grafana’s built-in Json plugin. But this wasn’t working since, the data received from Auvik was multi-dimensional when the Json plugin required One dimensional data. The above challenge was addressed by transforming the multi- dimensional data into one dimensional when it was store in a python variable. This transformed data was then inserted into Postgres. https://github.com/AjayBidyarthy/Henry-Pardo We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd