Using Graph Technology to Create Single Customer View.

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading retail firm in Newzealand Industry Type:Retail Services:Retail business Organization Size:100+ Companies face issue of having a Single customer under various rows with slightly different information in the same database. This causes unwanted duplication and inaccurate statistics. It also results in inaccurate ad targeting and financial loss. We leverage graph technology to create a single customer view by using Complex cypher queries  and Graph Algorithms. We have an Azure VM on which we have installed the Neo4j Database. Deployment architecture is a single Instance because of using the Community version of the software. Node-Relationship model Data Analytics Data Engineering Data Science Neo4j AZURE Only 1 Difficulty was faced in this Project and that was to migrate data from Elasticsearch to Neo4j. Research and Experimentation. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd