Building a Physics-Informed Neural Network for Circuit Evaluation

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:Retail Services:Consulting Organization Size:100+ The objective of this project was to build a Physics Informed Neural Network (PINN) using TensorFlow, which could evaluate circuits based on the parameters provided through a MATLAB simulation. Mohamed provided us with a dataset generated from a MATLAB simulation of a circuit, consisting of various input parameters and the corresponding circuit performance outputs. We were tasked with developing a machine learning model that could accurately predict circuit performance based on the input parameters, while also incorporating the underlying physics principles that govern circuit behavior. Our team utilized Jupyter Notebook, Google Colab, Octave, and MATLAB to build the PINN. We used TensorFlow models to build the neural network and Microsoft Excel to clean and preprocess the data. Our team employed Python programming, TensorFlow, Pandas, and MATLAB skills to build the PINN. We did not use any databases for this project, nor did we use any web/cloud servers. The final deliverable was a functional PINN capable of evaluating circuits based on the provided parameters. Our team used Jupyter Notebook, Google Colab, Octave, MATLAB, and Microsoft Excel. The primary languages and techniques we used were Python programming, TensorFlow, and MATLAB. We used TensorFlow models to build the neural network for the PINN. Our team utilized Python programming, TensorFlow, Pandas, and MATLAB skills to build the PINN. We did not use any databases for this project. We did not use any web/cloud servers for this project. The project was very challenging since our team did not have a background in electrical engineering. It was difficult to understand the physics behind the circuit evaluation, and we faced issues when using MATLAB to provide data for the project. The PINN we built for Mohamed Zamil allowed for efficient circuit evaluation and improved the overall accuracy of the evaluation process. https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1HX37MP4Jcb39SWJgkE_5z5n1gQwqWmV9  Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.comSkype: asbidyarthyWhatsApp: +91 9717367468Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd