Making a robust way to sync data from airtables to mongoDB using python – ETL Solution

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services Services:SAAS services, Marketing services, Business consultant Organization Size:100+ Equilo is a social impact start-up focused on gender equality and social inclusion. We need to link data in Airtable (1 million+ records spread across 20+ bases) to MongoDB (v3.x.x).Most of the data is backend data for our app, in which case the flow is only AT to MDB.Need to create a code that can calculate a scores by pulling from indicators in many different bases and putting result in new database. Used Python and MongoDB module along with Airtable API to fetch all the data from airtables and push them to the database. Stayed in touch with the client through slack and asana completing daily tasks and applying a cronjob for the program to run on a scheduled time. Python code for sync into their staging server and then to production. Airtable Main challenge faced was regarding the new concept of Airtables and syncing up the data into mongodb in a very complex schema as proposed by the client. Dissimilar columns in mongoDB and Airtables for 100s of tables took lot of time. Also insufficient information provided by client while coding and the previous versions codes that had been written only to discover them on a later stage caused a lot of problem. Not proper code management which could help next coders like me to complete the remaining stuff quickly. These issues were solved by lot of self study and evaluation and then asking the exact question to client which they would then answer. For eg: whereabouts of the previous codes and people who run that code. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd