Golden Record – A knowledge graph database approach to unfold discovery using Neo4j

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading retail firm in the USA Industry Type:Retail Services:Retail business, consumer services Organization Size:100+ To use data ingested into Neo4j and use the nodes and relationships with its properties to determine which nodes are actually the same person. For eg: we have Person nodes in the data, now people might enter their names in different ways. Our main aim is to identify Person nodes that may have similar data and are actually the same person. This will be represented as a perfect match between the nodes. This single-person view is referred to as the Golden Record Till date, we have loaded data into Neo4j and created relationships with score property which defines match strength. We have created some criterias by which we can determine what constitutes two nodes being the same and then based on them created ‘perfect match’ and ‘probable match’.We have considered four properties for our criteria – full name, address, driver’s license, and passport number. We have relationships between nodes for these properties with scores, we use these in our perfect match and probable match creation. We have also configured Graphlytics (a viz software) in the virtual machine which connects to the neo4j database and helps vizualize the nodes and relationships. We have also worked on some algorithms using the GDS library in neo4j to produce more information on the graph, the common neighbors algorithm was used to produce scores based on node similarity and the higher the score the higher the similarity. Other algorithms were tried as well but since all the properties are of String format it did not work on it. We have Resolved issues neo4j is facing when deleting a Large set of data and Provided steps to recover neo4j if it fails by going OutofMemory. We have figured out the issues with the probable and perfect match cypher queries not working as intended and proposed a solution. Neo4j Cypher Query Language The common neighbors algorithm CQL Neo4j Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.  We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd