MetaBridges API Decentraland Integration – AR, VR

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services:Consulting, Software, Blockchain, Metaverse Organization Size:20+ To integrate with Metaverse environments with the help of EC2, S3 bucket and the Decentraland SDK. Move 3D model files from EC2 instance to S3 bucked using aws-sdk. Configure  s3 bucket in aws account, create an user for s3 bucket api keys, and api secret. Put the api key, aapi secret, bucket name and bucket region in environment variable to use them in app. Install aws-sdk to implement s3 bucket. Create a function to send file from nodejs server to s3 bucket. Aws ec2 instance credentials, s3 bucket credentials. Code used in the project vs code editor, git bash terminal, google chrome web browser.  Metamask wallet, cryptocurrency, blockchain, bitcoin,  metamask, metaverse, VR, AR, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality Javascript language is used.  Metamask wallet, cryptocurrency, blockchain, bitcoin,  metamask, metaverse, VR, AR, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality dcl SDK (Decentraland sdk for nodejs), aws-sdk, awscli. Node js project setup, Dcl sdk setup, Aws ec2 instance setup with aws cli, S3 bucket connection with aws-sdk. cryptocurrency, blockchain, bitcoin, metamask, metaverse, VR, AR, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality No database is used AWS cloud server is used Making the application port in ec2 instance available globaly. Search few blogs and videos for the solution. And make it done by doing some change in Security group in ec2 instance. As Decentraland is a platform based of NFT so main part of business is related to NFT and cryptocurrency. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd