Optimize the data scraper program to easily accommodate large files and solve OOM errors

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading tech firm in India Industry Type:IT Services Services:SAAS services, Marketing services, Business consultant Organization Size:100+ Building a large data warehouse that houses projects and tenders data from all over the world that is to be collected from official government websites, multilateral banks, state and local government agencies, data aggregating websites, etc. We had tried multiple solutions to prevent the program from running out of memory. We used python pandas techniques to control the use of memory which worked for some files and did not work for others. Provided more solutions using vaex ,dask module and datatables. Desired changes to the code and committing them to github. System specs requirement was the main issue during this project because the RAM available was too less and got used up quickly. Team viewer to use remote desktop which had higher specs would be sufficient enough to solve the problem.  We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd