Database Normalization & Segmentation with Google Data Studio Dashboard Insights

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Market Research Services:Marketing, Consultancy Organization Size:60+ To combine the different datasets. To make dashboards for each and every dataset individually. Phase – 1: In this project first of all we have to combine different datasets individually to make single file for each source. Phase – 2: Make Good looking reports for each file individually. We used pandas dataframe to combine different files to make single file for each source. We used Google Data Studio to make good looking and better reports with good UI. We have provided a Google Data Studio report file as deliverable for the project. Python, Google Data Studio, Google Chrome Python Programming and SQL queries editor. SDLC model used in this project. We have used the SDLC model as analysis, design, implementation, testing and maintenance. Data cleaning, Data Pre-processing, Data Visualisation are used in this project. We have used the traditional file systems as database storage. I used pandas dataframe to combine different datasets and made a single file of every individual source. I used Google Data Studio to make dashboard for the project. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd