AI and ML technologies to Evaluate Learning Assessments

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading EduTech firm in the USA Industry Type:EduTech Services:Educations. Training Organization Size:1000+ It is a culture management platform that uses learning as the fundamental mode of communication. The platform requires an Analytics portion that captures a variety of data related to the interaction of the learner with content, assessments, engagements and forums to create personalized learning plans for each user to increase the effectiveness of learning and its retention which together make an impact on the overall productivity of the learner and the organization. We helped the client in deciding the data required for the analysis process. We came up with the appropriate models for various tasks and interpretations of how the data will be collected and analysed for the initial response, final response, retention, proficiency, and learning intent of the user. We designed the models in such a way that one can perform seamlessly grading for each question type (based on difficulty level) and at a different hierarchical level (sub-section, section, training, and so on). We knew that each user has its unique aptitude level (basic, intermediate, and advanced) and keeping that in my mind, we incorporated those aptitude levels in our analytics too. Moreover, we integrated the grade and time factor into the analysis so that more points are allotted for comparatively tough questions and quick responses, respectively. MS Excel sheet, Google spreadsheets with proper tables and visualizations. Jupyter notebook, MS Excel, Google Spreadsheets. Python. Data science and analytics. Generated our data through data simulation. Data analytics is all about analysing and finding patterns in the data that already exist or are getting generated in real-time. However, this project is in the budding stage, and we had no data to start our analysis. Moreover, this project is novel, and the dataset that meets our requirements was nearly impossible to find online. We performed data simulation techniques and tried to generate the data as authentic as possible using some libraries in python and random functions in spreadsheets. We also generated the data manually at a small scale, but we made sure that we are including every human factor in it. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd