QuickBooks dashboard to find patterns in finance, sales, and forecasts

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Marketing Services:e-commerce, retail business, marketing Organization Size:100+ Build a fully Integrated BI Platform in PowerBI using native connectors and APIs(QuickBooks and Airtable) to pull real time data from many sources. For building a fully integrated BI Platform , the data has to come from the following sources to feed it to PowerBI – ·QuickBooks :An accounting software that accepts real-time business payments ,  manage and pay bills, manage organisation’s deposits/expenses , customers ,and payroll functions. The following data/tables has to be fetched from Quickbooks – o   Customer o   Invoices o   Product & Services o   Payments o   Expenses o   Deposits o   Accounts o   Vendors o   Departments o   Classes ·Airtable :An online database hybrid platform for creating and sharing relational databases with friendly user interfaces. The following databases with multiple data table has to be fetched from Airtable – o   Marketing Data Analytics Base (Google Ads , Facebook Ads) o   Payroll Tracking (Payroll , Hours Log) This Quickbook and Airtable real time data has to go to the powerBI service (https://app.powerbi.com). Then create useful visualisation and dashboards based on plan and feedback from the executive team. All visuals in dashboards should automatically update without any intervention to make it fully integrated. Collecting data tables from data sources : After getting these raw data tables , pipeline converts it into DataFrame , then writes/updates it into Airtable. The Pipeline is deployed in a server that runs every night , it fetches the data from QuickBooks API and writes/updates to Airtable. Scheduled Refresh :To refresh visualization/dashboard (If incoming data from Airtable API has updated) , set refresh time in powerBI service. Below are the services that we provided to client after completion of this project – PowerBI  This is how we get all the data of any size from Airtable bases.     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iemcyRtWPNU&ab_channel=Blackcoffer We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd