Design and develop solution to anomaly detection classification problems

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A Leading Tech Firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Consulting Services:Software, Consulting Organization Size:100+ We need to create a notebook with solutions to binary classification-related anomaly detection problems. We need to use machine learning and deep learning models which have greater than 90% accuracy. We created a notebook for anomaly detection. We used 10 to 15 machine learning and deep learning models but only  3 different types of auto encoder models that were giving greater than 90% accuracy. We trained all 3 models on one classification data which have anomalies and evaluated trained models on test data. A notebook that has solutions for anomaly detection related classification problems and accuracy should be above 90%. Google colab notebooks, Tensorflow, Google drive Python programming language, Machine learning, Deep learning, Data analysis and Data visualization. Auto Encoder and Variational Auto Encoder Python, Data Analysis, Data visualization, Machine learning, Deep learning. MS Excel We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd