Python model for the analysis of sector-specific stock ETFs for investment purposes

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A Leading Investment Firm in the USA Industry Type:Finance Services:Investment, Consulting Organization Size:100+ Have an existing Python model that has been built for the analysis of sector-specific stock ETFs for investment purposes. Need to update the existing selection criteria to adjust the selection filter and add a screening criterion that drops off one or more of the proposed holdings, and to have the ability to adjust the parameters of the selection criteria to test different variables. The 2 in 4 Fundamental model screens a fundamental ranking of stock market sectors, picks the top ranked holding and continues to hold that sector as long as it remains in the top four rankings.  The model holds two positions at a time.  The sector ranking data is in the wcm5.xlxs file.  We input data from the PRICES.CSV file to pull up monthly returns.  When I go to run the program, I use the 2_in_4_New.py and that give me the current rankings for both the fundamental and technical rankings. Sometimes a sector is ranked as being fundamentally attractive because it has become cheaper because of problems going on within an industry.  What I would like to do is to test out a way of screening out a sector based upon poor performance over a lookback period.  Here is what the new model would do. An Updated, Optimised Python script that will filter and return Technical and Financial holdings, with a Price filter that will do price analysis on a certain lookback period. Numpy pandas itertools, combinations permutations Python The client now can get more than 2 Financial and technical holdings , up to maximum 5 holdings for both Technical and Financial, plus the holdings were more accurate because of the new added Price Filter that will Exclude the holding that has the weakest performance over a specify lookback period, default 52 weeks. It boosted the Client’s profit because of the more accurate and optimised functional filters. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd