Web Data Connector

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A Leading Marketing Tech Firm in Australia Industry Type:Marketing Services:Marketing Solutions Organization Size:50+ To make a software code that takes data from a source and ingests it into a database present on a server. The scripts should automatically execute after regular intervals of time. The client had several data sources that were updated with new data regularly. The client wanted software that triggers itself automatically and takes data from those data sources and ingests it into a database that is hosted on a Linode server. Also, the date parameters in the query should be changed dynamically using the current date. Further, we had to assist in setting up the Tableau BI tool on the client’s PC and connect the Postgres database to the tableau. Linode server VS Code Python Bash PSQL. Python programming Postgres SQL Linux scripting Postgres Linode This solution helps in maintaining a copy of all data sources inside our Postgres database. Also, the data is 24/7 available. Since data inside the Postgres is updated regularly, graphs in the tableau are also up to date. https://github.com/X360pro/Web-connector-for-tableu We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd