Lipsync Automation for Celebrities and Influencers

Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Facial Recognition Attendance System AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading tech firm in India Industry Type:Entertainment Services:B2C Organization Size:100+ To change the lipsing of the original video with the new replaced audio. We needed to create an output video that will have the new lipsing according to the new replaced audio. Also we will have to change the actual audio with the new audio with automated editing. We have created two different files which will perform 2 different operations 1stwill replace the original audio with new and extract only video from original. 2ndwill take the muted video and replaced audio and we will get the output of the new replaced audio lipsync. This is done by pre-defined model Wav2Lip on github. 2  google colab notebooks github Google drive Python 3.6 moviepy ffmpeg Wav2lip Python programming Data science Provided by the company (Hrithik Roshan video files) https://colab.research.google.com/drive/18mlREpLmV9hj-uDfufkGJ_-m_E37Hct9?usp=sharing https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1FZHvcVKyJxOUkUFI2auPt3vTOu4jh09K?usp=sharing We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd